fix: instance_collector: refacto to handle cases where collector doesn't pick up all tasks (#134)
ovh/utask: pkg/plugins/builtin/http/README.md

## Requirements

None by default. Sensitive data should stored in the configuration and accessed through `{{.config.[itemKey]}}` rather than hardcoded in your template.

## Resources

The `http` plugin declares automatically resources for its steps:
- `socket` to rate-limit concurrent execution on the number of open outgoing sockets

> - `http:scheme_and_host` (where `scheme_and_host` is the first part of the URL, e.g. `https://www.ovh.com`) to rate-limit concurrent execution on a specific destination web-server/API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `url:hostname` (where `hostname` is e.g. `www.ovh.com`) to rate-limit concurrent execution on a specific destination web-server/API
```
